for me finger sing for you I do you like
country music I don't know how you do
what you do everything that don't make
sense above me makes sense when I'm with
you everything that's green girl I meet
you
the one and one makes two
but aside the mapping logic of it you
gotta know you won't it to turn a hopper
goes thanks man I work for you dude I
can trick it like a boss I just started
shaking my ass left and right and guys
love it oh my god love you thank you I
love you too yeah I know I watched
youtube videos every day
a viper Ursula Celia whichever one can
you guys give me a little bit of a like
critique for a second critique what okay
so there's name its me my girlfriend's
anniversary coming up right and I'm
learning this song on the guitar and
singing it can you guys tell me what you
think depends will you win this game
yeah we'll wrap dress niggas on ya win
trust me
know what fall apart without you I don't
know how you do what you do yeah is
everything that don't make sense above
me make sense when I'm with you
everything that's green girl I need you
funny but I think more than one and one
makes two
but aside the math and logic of it gotta
know you wanted to kiss your lips I
perfect so is that okay
perfect yeah it's good like real good
not enough to get her panties off
could we haven't had sex yet sex yet in
which case you're gonna have to play the
whole album singer yeah but uh holy crap
are you really about to yes videos so
David did you two bubble oh my god I see
you're like the missing
- or in Haiti
got a little how you do what you do you
lose everything your cover makes it make
sense we time what you name about that's
green girl I need you it's more than one
and one makes two
but aside the math and logic of it you
gotta know you wanted to know I'm gonna
come out the chorus I'm waiting
beautiful thing I ever heard